docs: add tagging policies (#502)
infracost/docs: docs/infracost_cloud/tagging_policies.md

<img src={useBaseUrl("img/infracost-cloud/tagging-policies/name-and-scope.png")} alt="Define tagging policy name and scope." />

### 2. Define tag keys and values

You can define what tag keys are mandatory, which tag values are allowed, and make it easy for engineers to take action. You can also validate tag values using a regular expression.

<img src={useBaseUrl("img/infracost-cloud/tagging-policies/define-tags.png")} alt="Define tag keys and values." />

### 3. Optionally block pull requests

Next you can define whether pull requests that fail this policy should be blocked until the policy failure is fixed. Depending on how your source control system is configured, your admins can usually bypass this for edge cases.

<img src={useBaseUrl("img/infracost-cloud/tagging-policies/actions-to-take.png")} alt="You can optionally block pull requests that fail a policy." />

### 4. Custom pull request message 

We recommend you leave "Include details in pull requests" as enabled so engineers are shown details of tagging policy failures. However, during testing, you can disable this so you can see the details in Infracost Cloud but not in pull request comments.

> You can also set a custom message to be included in pull requests to give additional context or instructions. For example, you can describe why tagging policies are important or link to your internal wiki page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also set a custom message to be included in pull request comments to give additional context or instructions. For example, you can describe why tagging policies are important or link to your internal wiki page.
```
